[Telemetry] Apply shared logging module (#420)
pokt-network/pocket: shared/modules/doc/README.md

}
```

> When defining the start function for the module it is important to note that a logger should be created and set on the module object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Add a logger to the module

When defining the start function for the module, it is essential to initialise a namespace logger as well:
```
